Added a link to FAQs on the Docs page (#875)
pathoplexus/pathoplexus: monorepo/website/src/pages/docs/index.mdx

1. [Creating an account](/docs/how-to/create-account)
2. [Linking your ORCiD](/docs/how-to/add-orcid-account)

> If you have already run into some trouble accessing or using some of our features, chances are high that someone else has ever faced a similar challenge. Please check out our [FAQs](https://pathoplexus.org/about/faq) page for any matches to your issue. In case you are unable to find a solution both in the FAQs and documentation, or identified issues not covered in this documentation, please don't hesitate to contact our support team or report issues directly through the platform.

Reviewer: Thanks for adding the FAQ links! I wonder if we should also add links to our support pages:

```suggestion
If you’ve encountered any difficulties while using Pathoplexus, it’s likely that others have experienced something similar. We recommend starting with our [FAQs](https://pathoplexus.org/about/faq)
 page, where you may find a solution to your issue.

If your question isn’t addressed in the FAQs or documentation — or if you’ve discovered a problem not yet covered — please feel free to reach out to our support team at bug@pathoplexus.org or report the issue on [Github](https://github.com/pathoplexus/pathoplexus/issues).
```
